Previously on Californication...
- Mmm!
- God, I love fucking you!
I love fucking you too.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
How's Batesy?
Rehab.
You still thinkin' about leaving him?
You have a magnificent body!
Do you think I have
what it takes to be an actress?
Yes.
Have you had a chance
to talk to Stuart
about Santa Monica Cop?
If there's a part
that I could read for.
No, but I will.
Trixie.
That is a terrific name...
If you're a hooker.
You take Diners Club?
I'm not kidding.
In about five minutes,
Tyler is gonna be
the hottest screenwriter
in the business.
Someone has to represent him.
Why not me?
Because you're
my fuckin' agent, Charlie.
- You're fired.
- What?
We're bringing in another
writer for the on-set work.
Charlie sent me meet with Stu.
- Charlie did.
- Yeah, I just signed with him.
You just signed with Charlie?
I don't wanna hit you.
I don't wanna have anything
too with you, all right?
Come on, buddy.
Don't be that way.
I'm not your buddy.
You're fuckin' fired.
As an agent and a friend.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Five minutes.
That's all I need.
Charlie, he doesn't want to see you.
Same as yesterday.
I'm sorry.
He's never been
this mad at me before, Karen.
I don't know what to do.
He feels like you betrayed him.
I did, I did!
I-I-I saw
the forbidden fruit
dangle in front of my face,
and I took a big bite, juicy bite.
It was wrong.
I see that now.
Wh-what can I do?
Something.
Anything.
Maybe, um, tease him
a little bit, you know.
Uh, show a little flesh.
A little nip-slip.
Whatever gets me in the door.
I am married to another man, Charlie.
Sure, sure, sure.
But you and Hank, you know,
you're always just a nod and a wink
from jumping back in the sack.
Or...not.
Oh-kay...
I'll be on my way.
- Hey.
- Yah!
Havin' a pool is awesome.
Havin' a husband in rehab
is even better.
Hank, that was Charlie again.
Fuck that
penis-headed motherfucker!
Agh!
Uhh!
Hank...
- Forgive me.
- No!
I'll do whatever it takes!
Fuck you, Charlie.
There's nothing you can do.
This is the think slip to my Porsche.
Hank, I signed it over to you.
It's yours.
Fine, I'll take it.
So we're good now?
No, never.
People are calling, Hank!
There are opportunities to discuss!
Refer them to my new agent.
You have a new agent?
I'm taking meetings.
You're taking meetings?!
Well, Hank, do something!
He's fine.
He's like a beluga.
- Come on!
- I think he's got a blowhole.
Ahh.
I'll be on my way.
See you in hell...
Motherfucker!
Don't say motherfucker like that!
It makes me miss you!
Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Have a nice day, honey.
Too soon?
Good luck with your meetings.
Well, thank you.
It's about time I got myself
some serious representation, huh?
You seem to be doing just fine
with your current representation.
Previous representation, Karen.
Previous.
Come on.
Charlie's been good for you, Hank.
Au contraire, lady fair.
I have done well in spite of Charlie,
not because of him.
Come on, that guy
would take a bullet for you.
Oh, please, he'd piss himself
and run away screamin'.
Really?
That's awesome.
Yore so brilliant, baby.
Oh, I don't know
what's more offensive--
brilliant or baby?
Stop.
Okay...Call me later.
Love you.
No, love you more.
I saw that.
- What?
- You pretended to throw up.
I wasn't pretending.
I think I threw up for real.
Look, sputum.
On the marble.
Wh--
- Tyler says that
Apocalypse loves his ass,
thinks he's brilliant.
You do realize you're
talking to the man
he replaced, right?
I'm sorry, dad.
Didn't mean to embarrass you.
You didn't embarrass me.
You insulted me.
And Sam will love his ass
right up until the point
where he doesn't.
He's a very fickle mistress,
that brotha.
For what it's worth, I still love you.
That is worth quite a lot.
Oh. Thank you.
Yo, lady.
You wanna get in on this?
All right, yeah.
- Ohh.
- Mmm.
- I love you.
- Mmm...
Pilates?
That's mean.
So this is what it would be like,
the three of us
living in the big house
behind the white picket fence?
All my life, I thought
that sort of thing was lame.
Now I realize the joke was on me.
Have a nice day.
Honey.
Nailed it!
I got it!
What?
The part!
In Santa Monica Cop.
Really?
Hey, why do you sound so surprised?
You don't think I've got the goods?
No, I know you got
the goods, all right.
I just--it's--
it was such a long shot.
I know, but Stu said that I nailed it.
Ohh, Stu said that, did he?
Yep. Are you proud?
Of course.
It's awesome.
I know, oh, my--
I'm so excited!
Oh, um, I have to get naked, though.
Well, of course you do.
But it's a good thing
you look pretty amazing naked.
Oh, thank you, my lord.
Speaking of you looking amazing naked,
can we make love?
No, I'm--I'm sorry,
but I don't have the time, Charlie.
You sure?
I can be quick about it.
I could really use the release.
I'm sorry, but I have
three auditions all over town,
and then I have to pick up
Stuart from school.
Wait, why are you all wet?
So, Hank, tell me.
What do you wanna do next?
What is your wildest dream?
Well, my wildest dream
involves a three-breasted midget
with labial piercings
and a desire to please.
But as far as Hollywood is concerned,
I think I'd just like to work
with a world-class director
for once.
I'm sick and tired of the hack parade.
And why haven't you done that?
I don't know.
Maybe it's me.
Maybe I just don't got the goods.
Nonsense.
It's because you haven't
had somebody in your corner
making it happen for you.
Your former representative--
if I can even call him that--
is a sad, desperate soul.
He's more interested in having
an office to jerk off in
than making
his clients' dreams come true!
All right, I can make fun
of Runkle, but you can't.
Okay?
Same with my mother.
I respect that.
And I apologize.
Now, see...That
is the kind of honor
I'm talking about, Hank.
I can also make that
three-breasted midget thing
happen for you.
- I know a guy.
- Oh.
Hey, boys!
I see we're drinking our lunch.
Stu Beggs!
How's the horse cock?
Well...shh...
Come on.
Come--come on.
Take out just enough of it
to scare me, huh?
Hank, if you absolutely
have to leave Runkle,
and I believe you do, this is the guy!
I'm not talking to you, Stu.
Look, I know I fired you,
but that doesn't mean I don't
love you with all my heart.
Don't be a grudge holder, Hank.
It's unbecoming.
Don't worry, Hank.
I'll hold the grudge for you.
So...
Who are you having lunch with?
Well, actually, um,
this could be slightly awkward.
Slightly?
Stu.
Larry.
Hank.
After the shit I've
seen you do to yourself,
there's no way I'm touching
that fucking disgusting mitt
of yours, Runkle.
Understood.
Just take good care of him, okay?
Just because I fired you, Charlie,
doesn't mean I don't love you with all
my heart.
I know that.
It makes me feel a little better.
Just kidding.
Fuck you.
Motherfucker.
No crying at the palm, Runkle.
If you're not careful,
it'll be on Deadline
before you get back to the office.
Mm.
Hey, Larry.
It's been a slice.
Oh, this meeting's not over yet, Hank.
There's somebody I'd like you to meet.
Follow me.
Thank you, Romeo.
Are you okay, Runkle?
Am I okay...Stu?
I'm the furthest from okay
I've ever been.
I've lost the only client
who ever meant anything to me.
Okay, okay.
Just keep your fuckin' voice
down, Runkle.
I mean, I've seen at least
three of your other clients
in this very room.
I mean, do you want them
to see you like this?
Whatever.
Least I still got Lizzie.
Yeah.
So she really nailed it, huh?
I mean, she was good.
I-I mean, she was fine.
Well...
But you gave her the part, right?
I mean, she must have
been better than fine.
Well, you know,
she's certainly gorgeous.
Yes, I know.
Yeah, something's
not adding up here, Stu.
You don't wanna know, Charlie.
Know what?
Look, the only reason
I'm going to tell you
is because I think you need to know
what you're dealing with here.
Ohhkay...
Gentlemen.
She blew me.
What? Who?
Lizzie.
That's crazy.
She offered me a blowie
in exchange for the role.
Now, I took it.
It was an honest transaction.
How could you do that to me?
Or Marcy?
Hey, hey, hey!
That one little blow job,
however delightful,
in no way diminishes
the depth of my feeling
for my beloved wife.
Oh, I think it does.
Hey, Runkle, you know,
there are certain things in this life
that a man just cannot pass up.
And one of them is having Lizzie's lips
wrapped around my love cannon.
I can't believe
my girlfriend blew you!
She's not your girlfriend.
Okay, so we haven't
had that conversation.
I still feel she's my one and only.
Well, guess what--
she's not, okay?
She is a fucking climber,
and she's doing it with style.
How do you know
I won't tell Marcy about this?
What is wrong with you?
What?
Why would you do that?
Why would you want to hurt
the mother of your child?
You know, that is sick.
That is something only
a monster would do, Charlie.
Now, are you ready to order?
I gotta get to the set.
Romeo.
So I hear your work is...
very sexual, ja?
Yeah, I suppose so.
Ja.
You know, Hank, I would very much
like to work with you.
Wow, that would be a dream come true.
You work fast, dude.
- It's what I do.
- Huh.
I have to say that your--
your work
has meant a lot to me
over the years, sir.
"Sir"?
What is with this "sir."
You can call me Lars.
- Ja?
- Okay...Lars.
I just gotta say
that it's really a kick
to be sitting across from a filmmaker
whose work I admire.
Usually, I work with directors
whose movies suck so hard
that I have to pretend
that I was out of the country
or in a coma when they were released,
if you know what I'm saying.
That is excellent, Hank.
So nice to hear.
Hollywood has gone to shit.
Scheisse.
What should we do.
We should leave?
Get out? No!
We dig in.
We fight.
Yeah.
I see myself returning to my root.
I wish next to make
something very violent,
very...sexual.
Wheelhouse!
Ja...
I want to make a picture
about the most famous whore
in the history of mankind.
Mary Magdalene.
Hm. Interesting.
Jennifer Aniston...
She is attached.
Okay.
Why can't the Bible be sexy, huh?
Totally. That's what my
grandmother always used to say.
Aha! The girls are here!
Trixie?
Trixie!
Hank.
Oh, you know each other, hmm?
How lovely.
I knew this relationship
was meant to be, huh?
Larry, my man, Runkle never set me up
on a meeting like this.
Well, I just wanted you to see
what real representation is like.
So, Hank, you do your research,
I do my research,
we compare notes, ja?
Hells ja.
Hi!
You look like slut.
In a...good way.
It's for an audition.
Is everything okay, Charlie?
You're home early.
I'm fine.
You seem awfully quiet.
Oh, what's wrong?
Is it Hank?
Did you give Stu a blow job?
No! Gross!
I knew you didn't!
Thank God.
Ohh. Uhh.
Well, maybe I did.
Maybe?
Did he drug you?
No, he didn't drug me, Charlie.
Okay, I gave him a blow job.
Why?
Because I really wanted the part.
But you might have
gotten the part anyway!
Maybe.
See, now you'll never know.
Doesn't matter anymore
because I have the part.
Right.
I guess I see your logic.
Oh...
It didn't mean anything, Charlie.
It was just a blow job.
Yeah, but what happened
to the girl who--
who--who didn't want to go
from kissing to finger banging
in just a matter of seconds?
She's standing right here.
She still doesn't.
Just because she gave
a big movie producer
a blow job in exchange for a role
doesn't mean that she's
changed or sold out.
He's a married man, you know.
I know, but he's the one
that accepted my offer,
and...
And...?
Marcy can be really mean
to me sometimes.
Yeah, she can be a real bitch.
Mm-hmm.
And she has been known
to relax on the blow jobbing
once she settles in to a marriage.
Look...
I hope this doesn't change
anything between us.
I still really like you.
I really like you too.
Cool.
Okay, I have to get to my audition.
Wish me luck.
Good luck.
And how's Becca?
She's great, she's in college now.
Holy shit.
That's trippy.
Did she end up being a lesbian?
- No, much to my chagrin.
- Oh.
She is dating a guy
with two moms, though.
Groovy.
And Karen?
She's actually married...
to this crazy fuckin' character.
Ooh, that must really chap your hide.
Not as much as you'd think.
You know, I like him.
He's a good guy.
Bit of a drinker, though.
More so than you?
Different.
When I drink, I do stupid shit.
And when he drinks, he does
stupid shit with young boys.
Ooh, that's not good.
Almost never a good idea.
So are you still hoping
for a reconciliation?
I don't know if I'm hoping
so much as yearning, you know?
We're still pretty much
as star-crossed as ever.
Copy that.
How 'bout you?
Any love in your life?
No.
The whole
sex-for-money thing
kind of scares them off, you know?
Well, you shouldn't charge them, then.
Ah ha ha ha!
You're funny.
It's gonna take a pretty special fella.
Ya think so?
I'm sick of waiting.
- So should we do this?
- Oh, we should do this.
And a little bit of that,
if you know what I'm sayin'.
Okay...
Hello.
What is that?
I wouldn't worry about it.
He's a legendary kinkster.
Lars?
- And Larry.
- Oh...
Those old-school guys
like to get their perv on
with the 'tutes.
- The...
- Prostitutes.
Oh, right on.
So you think she's okay?
Yeah, they're probably just playing
Passion of the Christ or something.
Hmm.
Mmm...
I missed you, Hank.
I missed you too, Trixella.
Argh.
I gotta go check on her.
Clock's ticking.
Hey, dude, what's the deal?
What's the world coming to
when a whore cannot
get a man hard, eh?
Relax.
Pop a Viagra.
You know, you got a lot on your mind.
Viagra? I don't need
that medical shit!
I'm virility incarnate, you asshole!
It's nothing to be ashamed of.
You are getting on in years.
Fuck you, writer!
Okay, fine.
Fuck me.
But take it easy on her.
I think you're scaring the girl.
You're going to tell me
how to conduct myself
in my own house with a whore?!
Stop raging,ja?
Hank, it's better to just let him be.
He's--he's an artist.
His passions run deep.
Fine, whore!You don't get me hard,
I will urinate on you!
Assume the position--
I will piss on you!
Oh, no, don't assume anything.
Don't do that.
That's gross.
Unless she's okay with it.
You okay with it?
Really?
I am paying this whore for her time.
If I choose to treat her
like a toilet...
I don't wanna fight with you.
I will treat her like a toilet!
- Ah!
- I really like your work, man.
Why do I keep fighting with directors?
- Ohh! Ohh.
- It's gotta be me, you know?
You happy now,
you old fuckin' creeper?
I didn't want to give
one of my favorite filmmakers
a bloody nose, but you made me.
He made me.
Uh, I guess it's kind of cool
to realize
that world-class filmmakers
are just as fallible
as the rest of us, huh?
So I, uh, I'll call you.
I'll let you know
what I decide, Larry.
It was nice to meet you
and, uh, you know,
thanks for lunch and for this
whole thing here, you know.
You just lost me a client
I've worked with
for over three decades.
Oscars, Golden Globes.
Palme d'Ors.
The agency will never sign you, Hank.
Ever.
As far as I'm concerned,
you're dead.
You and that animal Runkle
deserve each other.
Great seeing you again, Hank.
Ah, you too, Trixie.
Always a pleasure.
Thanks for stickin' up
for us working girls.
That's what I do.
One of these days, Hank,
you're not gonna be pining,
and I'm not gonna be working.
Shit's gonna happen.
Sparks will fly.
I look forward to that.
Writer!
Get the fuck out of my house, ja?
Hey, Trixie, hold up.
Hold up.
What the fuck, Charlie?
What is so important
that I have to drive
all the way to fucking Malibu?
Why can't we meet
halfway or something?
I didn't want to drink and drive.
Oh, you're such a silly cunt.
Why don't you just,
you know, comen in.
Sit down, relax.
Would you like something to drink?
No, not particularly.
I think I'm gonna have a drink.
Good for you.
So what's the problem?
Is something wrong with Stuart?
No, he's sleeping.
We watched Iron Giant again.
It's such a sweet movie.
"Hogarth...
Friend."
I know what this is about.
It's about Hank, right?
Look, I know you're taking it hard,
but these things tend to happen,
especially to agents.
- You guys--
- Okay, it's not about Hank.
Although that has been very upsetting.
Okay, can we skip to the point?
Okay, okay.
This is about you.
Me?
I just, I...
I wanted to know if you're happy.
Of course I'm happy.
Okay, so Stu...
Do you love him?
Hey, I know what this is.
This is one of your
half-assed attempts
- to win me back or something.
- No, that's ridiculous.
No, not ridiculous, Charlie.
Okay! Okay!
I have to tell you something!
What?
Lizzie cheated on me.
Oh, God.
I'm sorry, Charlie.
Hank leaves you, and then...
Lizzie cheats on you.
It's not such a stellar week, huh?
No, not at all.
Hey...Wait a minute.
Who'd she bang?
She didn't bang.
She blew.
She blew who?
Some guy in her acting class.
Oh, thank God.
I mean, I'm...
Really sorry, Charlie.
That's gotta suck.
Sure does.
Fuck her.
She's a slut.
Can I go now?
How was your day...
Honey?
Uh...Weird.
I spent the day
with perverts and whores.
- Well...
- Don't worry.
I didn't sleep with any of them.
Close, but I didn't take my cigar out.
Gross, and I don't even care.
- Sure you do, Karen.
- No, I don't.
Anyway, I don't even have a right
to care about such things.
You do too...
have rights.
You hungry?
Not particularly.
But I do love watching you cook.
- Really?
- Yeah.
It's been really nice playing house
this last little while.
It's always nice to take a vacation
from your real life, Hank.
Well, all--
all that's missing
is the vacation sex.
Which is usually pretty primo.
- Remember Paris?
- I don't.
But I do remember the inside
of a hotel room in Paris
that we never left.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
I wanted to go to the Louvre.
And I wanted to go to the vagine.
And I think you won out.
I think we both won out, Karen.
- Maybe.
- It's just funny that,
after all these years,
we can just pick up as if
it were yesterday, huh?
I'm sure we could pick it up again,
but it would go to shit
pretty soon thereafter.
At some point soon,
we're gonna be too old
for it to go to shit.
That's so depressing.
So, um, Bates is coming home tomorrow.
Oh, bummer.
- I mean, that's great.
- Yeah.
Yeah, no, it's good for him.
Hmm. We'll see.
So we've got tonight.
What?
Hey, I can't.
It doesn't mean that
some small part of you
doesn't want to.
Does it?
Small?
I can't.
I know.
Well, maybe just knowing
we could is enough.
Actually, it's not.
Sorry.
Oh, sweetie.
- What is it?
- What's wrong?
What do you think?
Same old stupid fuckin' shit
with that asshole.
Hey, what the fuck is wrong with you?
What happened to the guy who was
head-over-heels in love
with my daughter?
I didn't do anything, Hank.
I promise.
Really?
She seems to think otherwise.
Well, she was
looking through my texts,
and she found something
she didn't like.
Can you blame her?
What was it?
It was nothing.
There was this girl who's--
who has been working with Samurai.
Kali.
He's producing her--
Just stay the fuck
away from her, all right?
- You hear me?
- Why?
Did you hit that or something?
I'm just kidding, dude!
I'm sorry.
Ok, it's nothing
to kid about, all right?
As far as Samurai's concerned,
that's his woman.
Well, I appreciate your concern, Hank,
but Sam loves the shit out of me.
Yeah, he loves the shit out of you,
right up until the point
that he finds out
you been messing around with the woman
that he loves the shit out of.
Oh, come on, dude.
That guy gets tons of pussy.
It doesn't matter.
This is the one he wants.
Well, whatever.
I really don't think he's gonna go
and beat the crap out of me
all over again.
Just keep playing with fire,
and we'll see.
Yeah, I hear you, "dad."
Jesus.
Okay, now get the fuck out of here.
And don't come back
without a dozen roses
and your dick in a box!
♪ Yeah, I'll be glad ♪
♪ when you're dead, you rascal, you ♪
♪ when you're dead and in your grave ♪
♪ no more woman will you crave ♪
♪ I'll be glad when you're dead,
you rascal, you ♪
Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org